update proxy-config output (#7731)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/diagnostic-tools/proxy-cmd/index.md

    0.0.0.0       15010 App: HTTP                                        Route: 15010
    0.0.0.0       15010 ALL                                              PassthroughCluster
    10.100.93.102 15012 ALL                                              Cluster: outbound|15012||istiod.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
    0.0.0.0       15014 App: HTTP                                        Route: 15014
    0.0.0.0       15014 ALL                                              PassthroughCluster
    0.0.0.0       15021 ALL                                              Inline Route: /healthz/ready*
    10.111.121.13 15021 App: HTTP                                        Route: istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local:15021
    10.111.121.13 15021 ALL                                              Cluster: outbound|15021||istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
    0.0.0.0       15090 ALL                                              Inline Route: /stats/prometheus*
    10.111.121.13 15443 ALL                                              Cluster: outbound|15443||istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local

>     {{< /text >}}

Reviewer: I don't think it's sufficient to just change this output. Seems to me the surrounding text will need to be updated, since it isn't a correct anymore.

Author: I think the `MATCH` column is self-explanatory with more details as compare to previous version. It indicates `HTTP Plain`, `HTTP TLS`, `TCP TLS` and also displays complete address and ports. 

The surrounding text with custom markup will mess up with the indentation because of the new `DESTINATION` column which occupies most of the screen.

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant generally, the surrounding text outside of the updated `{{< text >}}` sections. For example, just below it talks about `useOriginalDst`, which seems to be deprecated. It should probably try to be a little more clear about how to interpret the MATCH and DESTINATION rule fields, although in fairness, it wasn't very good at that before either.

Author: Gotcha, I will update the text providing info related to what `proxy-config listeners` output.

Author: Haven't found much info that can fit here. Only described what is `PassThroughCluster` and `Route`. @frankbu PTAL.

    0.0.0.0       15010 App: HTTP                                        Route: 15010
    0.0.0.0       15010 ALL                                              PassthroughCluster
    10.100.93.102 15012 ALL                                              Cluster: outbound|15012||istiod.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
    0.0.0.0       15014 App: HTTP                                        Route: 15014
    0.0.0.0       15014 ALL                                              PassthroughCluster
    0.0.0.0       15021 ALL                                              Inline Route: /healthz/ready*
    10.111.121.13 15021 App: HTTP                                        Route: istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local:15021
    10.111.121.13 15021 ALL                                              Cluster: outbound|15021||istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
    0.0.0.0       15090 ALL                                              Inline Route: /stats/prometheus*
    10.111.121.13 15443 ALL                                              Cluster: outbound|15443||istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. From the above summary you can see that every sidecar has a listener bound to `0.0.0.0:15006` which is where IP tables routes all inbound pod traffic to and a listener bound to `0.0.0.0:15001` which is where IP tables routes all outbound pod traffic to. The `PassThroughCluster` is the default cluster traffic is directed to if no listeners, routes, clusters are found during the lookup. A `Route` is both a specification of how to match a request as well as an indication of what to do next (e.g., redirect, forward, rewrite, etc.).

Reviewer: Talking about `Route` seems out of place in the description of the following example.
```suggestion
1. From the above summary you can see that every sidecar has a listener bound to `0.0.0.0:15006` which is where IP tables routes all inbound pod traffic to and a listener bound to `0.0.0.0:15001` which is where IP tables routes all outbound pod traffic to. The `0.0.0.0:15001` listener hands the request over to the virtual listener that best matches the original destination of the request, if it can find a matching one. Otherwise, it sends the request to the `PassthroughCluster` which connects to the destination directly.
```

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl exec -it prometheus-68b46fc8bb-dc965 -c istio-proxy -n istio-system pilot-agent request GET server_info
{

>  "version": "80ad06b26b3f97606143871e16268eb036ca7dcd/1.14.3-dev/Clean/RELEASE/BoringSSL"

Reviewer 2: Minor nit. Do we want to have a `-dev` in the output? I notice that a `-rc.2` was removed earlier, but that was at least a release that would have been available on-line.

Author: I agree `dev` doesn't look good. But this is the output of running following command.
```
kubectl exec -it prometheus-68b46fc8bb-dc965 -c istio-proxy -n istio-system pilot-agent request GET server_info
``` 

We can keep the old output and not update only this version info ?

Author: Done
